10 million so you should be satisfied
20 million too little
Then you make a price
I try to satisfy
Su Lingyan
Do you think that everything can be measured by money?
Money is not everything
But without money, you can't
Hmph, a 3-year-old child understands this principle
Don't you just want to be more corrupt?
Ah, what are you packing?
Keep your house and stop acting here
It's not your turn to intervene in our couple's affairs
Xiao Chen, show some respect
This is the eldest young master of the Chen family of the four great families in Xinzhou
Can't say he withdrew from the bid in time
How could Mr. Su successfully get the cooperation project?
An efficacious eye.
Sooner or later, the energy in the building will glow and heat up
I did it just by pushing him.
Let him avoid detours for more than ten years
And you trash
Don't know the business insider of high society
That's normal.
Qingzhou 10 billion project is what I asked the headquarters to hand over to the Su family
It has half a dime to do with you.
Hahahahaha ah
Full of nonsense
Why don't you say that the Governor of Qingzhou is your subordinate?
The governor's decree is set up for the Dragon Palace
Strictly speaking, it does matter.
Xiao Chen, have you made enough trouble?
Huh how
Lingyan, calm down
You have two options. One is to sign here with the money
Then fuck off two
Tell my men to beat you up like a real cripple
Then get on the ground and sign for me
Uh-huh.
So this is the signature you want
Don't make me get it